what's better than this pink keyboard
combo from Ghost
featuring by the time we finally got our
pink belfine keyboard combo from Ghost
the new one came out blue and improved
bathat with a one in five chance of
getting an actual bathwater key cap
let's open it here we go oh my God we've
got our mouse pad I've seen these for
years they've been a big part of the
Gaming Community for quite a long time
it's not always a butt on the end
sometimes it's something completely
different I'll let you take a guess as
to what it could be we've also got oh is
this the bathwater key cab you got to
wait and we get an accessories box with
key cap switch pullar type-c USB cable
and screwdriver oh it's nice that it
comes with a screwdriver we got some
extra screws for the keyboard that's
always a really nice inclusion and then
cable I'm a little unimpressed it's not
sleeved uh our pink one actually does
come with like a coiled sleeved cable
and it's a lot nicer than this this has
a ferai bead and it's about 5 ft long so
it's fine uh a little disappointed but
whatever we'll see what else we got
we've got our nice blue keyboard from
Ghost I already don't like the sound of
it but you know what we'll take a closer
look at this in a second but I got to
unbox the rest of our sweet sweet
peripherals here you can like see
deformity oh you can see through the key
caps wow that's cheap looks like it's
just d sub cuz everything's just printed
onto the keyboard so your Legends are
actually going to wear out faster than
if they were double shot uh but we'll
try we'll try we'll look we'll look more
of that later I got to look at
everything else like stickers
wow these are actually pretty decent
stickers they got a bit too much white
outline but uh otherwise you know
they're okay they're good size stickers
can be expensive especially when you're
ordering a lot of them so getting six
included is not too bad we've got a nice
little B deline holographic shiny
welcome to the Ghost Family warranty
okay and keyboard shortcuts it's nice
it's a good collab no matter what this
product might turn out to be whether the
quality of certain items is good or bad
I will say it is a cool piece of like
collector kind of History so take that
for what you will then it's also got a
wrist rest that I actually really like
it's nice and heavy feels like it's
memory foam this is what I'm really
after is this floppy wrist rest I uh I'm
a big fan of nice memory foam wrist
rests and this is a good size it's a
good color nice and comfy we'll try it
later but yeah I'm digging it so far and
then we've got our Mouse which is just
an M1 ultral light it's got a nice
sensor in it it's very light one thing
you may have noticed is that it's wired
not wireless so keep that in mind as for
the briefcase itself um I really do like
it it's solid the foam fits everything
pretty well nothing really falls out
unless you're smacking it around I
really love the blue and the pink I
think they play very nicely together wow
look at that number 488 of a th000 we're
special around here we're quirky before
we dive into our bathwater maybe keycap
we got to try out the keyboard it is a
K75 from Ghost
um it's fine it's a plastic
keyboard with a really Hollow sound to
it especially on the space bar uh the
nice thing is that it's clear so you can
actually see the back of the board I've
got one uh Portico 75 at home that looks
kind of similar to this and I had a
similar problem where it felt really
Hollow uh was not great so what I'd
recommend if you look if you are the
kind of person who buys this kit and
that can be to ever but if you are you
really want to open this thing up add
some foam or tape at least because you
see all that space in there listen to
this it's not great it's not the worst
thing I've ever tried but it's really
not great they're just linear switches
it is hot swappable five pin hot
Swap and a pretty good form factor I'm
actually a big fan of this kind of like
75% where you get your frro um it's
still short you don't have a uh 10 keys
or anything like that oh I love the Bell
the Bell key cap up in the top left
there that's great and then the octopus
the octopus on here you can just take
your own guess as to what that might be
I will say Bel deline is a popular e
girl who has kind of uh Gone the anime
approach I'm going to go with anime
instead of H there and um octopuses and
tentacles tend to be something that you
find in anime and I'll leave it at that
we've also got this little like milk
jar with some milk splashing
out and the cavar headphones which yeah
she's very famous for wearing cater
headphones and then her in the bath uh
the bath key cap is probably my favorite
maybe as much as I'd like the bathwater
key cap although these bubbles are great
um overall the color scheme is great if
you like a kind of pastel teal and light
pink and a weird blue um it's very
pretty easily the biggest issue that I
have is the lack of a nice cable you've
just got this really Bland white USBC
cable um really should have been sleeved
or maybe even coiled uh the white is
fine white matches the key caps and
everything else I'll say the wrist rest
is comfortable um as much as I might
never own one of these they're always
very comfy because they basically follow
just a regular dress design except the
very boldest before I actually finish
plugging this in let's exchange this key
cap here with the bathwater one if it
truly there's liquid in there oh my God
Is that real verified gamer girl bath
water from Bel deline herself if you
don't know uh she's famous for selling
her bath water and it's sold out guys
are thirsty I guess those simps be
simpon one issue I have as cool as this
is and I love that it's actually got
liquid in it if if if you get a normal
one by the way it'll just be maybe empty
or solid fill we're not sure but it
won't have a liquid in here um one huge
issue I have though is that it looks
like they've just stickered on this HP
space bar bandage oh it's a health bar
yeah they've just stickered that on and
that just seems um kind of lazy and then
this top cap can I remove it it feels
okay it feels pretty glued on nope you
can take it off I don't think it's
supposed to come off I Can Feel Like
Glue separating as they take it off
it smells like nothing I don't know what
to tell you drink it drink it drink it
you actually drink gamer
girl it says don't drink it on the
web drink it drink it drink it oh it is
just a thimble you know you can drink
like a thimble of bleach and you won't
get
sick
yeah it's got a weird taste to it I'm
not swallowing that
okay I can't believe I just did that
yeah they say don't drink it I'm pretty
sure there's chemicals in there oh I've
got like this lingering taste in my
mouth that
sucks the reality of what I just did is
like washing over me in a terrible
terrible way as for the key cap itself
it sits here nicely it's a oneu key cap
they're they're saying it's Universal on
the website I mean honestly any oneu is
going to fit on any one U so yeah
technically it's Universal but they're
not really doing you any kind of big
favors by that okay now that I've
actually debased myself to this degree
let's plug this in and uh try typing on
it to see if it's any good but before we
try it we're going to talk about a word
from our sponsor manscaped thanks to
manscape for sponsoring this video if
you're feeling a little overgrown and
you've got a hot date coming up with
belfine trim your Hedges the manly way
with manscapes lawnmower 5.0 Ultra its
trimmer and foil blades are
interchangeable letting you choose from
buzzcut bald or Jeff Bezos bald and to
navigate through those more volumous
spots the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra even comes
with an LED light so you can see right
through the Shrubbery it's also portable
and charges conveniently with a USBC
cable meaning you can whack the weeds
anywhere you might be check out the
lawnmower 5.0 ultr manscape.com circuit
and use code circuit for 20% off in free
shipping I like all the RGB it could be
diffused a bit better so that it's not
just like a bunch of LEDs shining at you
like the mouse here um whatever it's
fine the keyboard
itself it's Hol it's going to do what it
does let's type on it and see how it
works 123 98% that's not too bad uh the
mouse is okay it's got a good sensor in
it I think that this shape in general is
comfortable for me but I'm also not a
big fan of the speed holes cuz I can
feel them constantly but you're also not
going to get as light as it is without
those taking away a bunch of material
from the mouse so to each their own I'm
not crazy buzy about it but it's
perfectly fine I wish that all of this
was Wireless as someone who typically
likes wired Tech I just I don't know the
cable for the mouse feels bad the cable
for the keyboard feels bad if you're
going to make him wired dedicated just
add a nice cable please this feels
really weird also with her like looking
back at me uh there's not a lot that
makes me uncomfortable and I wouldn't
even say I'm uncomfortable right now but
it's just I guess if you ever want a
little bit of reassurance you just kind
of move your mouth so you're like yeah
I'm having a real bad day a thanks Belle
as for the keyboard itself I mean it's a
pretty typical ghost keyboard
K75 uh it's fine it's kind of too
expensive for what it is considering
it's all plastic I think that you can
get something better out there for
similar prices even when this is on sale
normally the keyboard is like 180 bucks
which is way too much for what it is
it's often probably at the real price
you know where you see sales and it just
sticks around forever it's it's on sale
for 120 which is better but still not
great astr laabs they're not bad it's a
pixart 3389 sensor in here so it's very
accurate and precise the only problem is
it's got latency uh quite a bit at
around 14 or 15 milliseconds which is I
mean it's not like a ton but it's
definitely a lot more than uh what you
get out of something better like a
Logitech especially for a Wired Mouse
like what the hell the latency should be
basically zero but here we are as for
the keyboard Windows does not like the
ghost software and it doesn't have via
compatibility so uh you're kind of stuck
with it unfortunately uh otherwise in
terms of of latency it tested a little
slower on the side of gaming keyboards
so it's fine I don't like it I think
it's just overpriced realistically I
probably wouldn't buy it myself but I do
love the color scheme like that's what
keeps drawing me in I got to say this
whole combo it's pretty cute overall but
what does it look like as part of the
cutest setup
[Music]
this looks amazing when it's in its
natural habitat but I got David here and
he's got to try it out and see what he
thinks why does it sound so bad it's
terrible what is like is it Hollow yeah
it's pretty Hollow flip it over look at
how much empty space is on the bottom oh
that's a shame it can be fixed you can
make it better but yeah it's expensive I
love the translucent look and I like
that these match
although because this is more match it
feels like it's actually pretty
different right I don't even want to
touch this what come on I'm
good no how about the bathwater geek cap
what's bath water about them no just the
one key cap on the top left oh there was
water in there oh did you drink it yeah
good overall this keyboard feels really
cheap how expensive is
it it's 180 full price usually on sale
for 120 okay even one no even 120 is too
and that's just the keyboard doesn't
include rist rest anything just the
keyboard yeah yeah I don't think I would
be spending my $120 on this next up is
Mark our senior editor wow one of our
senior editors this is a really cute
setup that's great what do you think
about the peripherals they are very not
cute what you don't think they're cute
yeah I mean there are oh wait hold on I
know that person
yeah I mean I don't know her would you
would you buy this this full bath water
combo oh definitely
not next UPS James Scott from the
business team oh great James using my
real
name you have a stage name uh Bobby G
Bobby G Bel Delphine fan number five oh
this actually is Bel deline yeah okay
guess a price guess a price how much
would you before I guess the Price Is
that real bath water it was is that
going to be available at the Christmas
party maybe I would probably guess
around 150 for everything but that makes
me guess probably double that 250 bucks
for the whole thing with the one in five
chance NOP nope it's just plastic yeah
it is that is so no all right no thank
you thank you next up is Belle not
deline please blur me I don't want my
girlfriend to know uh but this is
beautiful I would definitely buy this no
matter the price no matter the price no
what I just want to drink that bath
water I've been a big fan for years a
loyal subscriber did you notice that
these are shorts you can see the skin
color oh I did not notice that oh my God
last but not least Maria a graphic
designer Maria what do you think of not
only the belfine bathwater combo but the
cutest PC setup so so so cute I love it
I love the colors I love the RGB would
you pay $250 for the Bel Delphine
bathwater combo kit the most part I
guess is the she's looking back at you
she's
but I like this three um yeah I think
it's good okay the colors are nice it
looks pretty and with the whole setup
like it fits perfect yeah it's in its
natural home yeah overall as a
collector's package I think it's
actually pretty cool and the price isn't
obscene however if you're buying this
for just the components uh it's really
not worth it the K75 while this version
is really nice um it's not the best
keyboard I don't even think it's worth
the $120 that it usually goes for on
sale and the mouse is fine pixart sensor
is really good but it's really not for
me thanks for watching if you want to
check out other short circuits maybe
check out the Evia lineup that we went
to France to look at me Andrew and Bell
look they're all right here again you
can't see them I can see them they're
right there goodbye